Her Royal Highness
I take the liberty to ask you a question.
Do you have amnesia?
Have you forgotten what I just said?
What do you mean?
Hahaha Your Highness the Cool Lord
If you want to put your mind
It's all above kissing each other with this remnant
I don't mind repeating what I just said
Tobacco Capital Li Family Li Qingxiang
Presented by Wei Chen's family
One local order from the Holy Dragon Group
What qualifications do you have?
The vice president is not good
This financial expert provides all-round navigation
Machine gun doesn't fire
And you won't get your revenge until tomorrow
Why is that?
How could this be?
Her Royal Highness
Your marriage to this survivor?
It was originally decided by the king
The prince is just pushing the boat with the flow
I want you to bring him back to the imperial capital as soon as possible
Forget it.
Who would have thought of you as Wang Yi's woman?
Not only do you not understand him, but you oppose him
Let this remnant struggle with smoking
The prince naturally couldn't watch it anymore
So you gave me all your rights
Now Lao Tzu is the Holy Dragon Group worth tens of billions
Oh, Her Royal Highness
My ability?
Beyond your imagination
All right.
What other language does Mr. Nie have? Tell me